auto-responder
==============

Little something to mimic many of the mail auto responders for email marketing  	  If you want to install this script yourself, you just have to follow the following steps: 1 	Unzip the contents of the zip file. Make sure that the directory structure is not disturbed. 2 	Upload all the files along with the directories to your webserver. You can use any FTP client such as WS FTP, Cute FTP etc to do that. 3 	Make sure you provide write permission to the following files/folders      Connections folder     all files inside the connection folder  4 	After that is done, please enter the MySQL details in the text boxes below. You can create a MySQL database either from the control panel or request your webhost to do that for you or you can send us the login details of your cpanel and we will do that for you . 5 	After you have uploaded all the files on the server, run install.db.php by typing its correct path on the browser. Enter the MySQL database details and click the Install button. That's it. 6 	When the install.db.php file run successfully,you see the index page of the script,here you have to enter the username and password. your default userid is "admin@admin.com" and password is "admin".Once you enter in the system you have option to change your password. 7 	You can modify the look and feel of the site by modifying the following four files.      top.tpl. Any change in this is visible in the top of all pages.     footer.tpl.html. Any change in this is visible at the bottom of all the pages.     English.php.If You want to change any content visible on that Page.Simply find the similar content in the english.php and update the content written in the second portion of the define function.     style.css. This is the css file that defines the colors etc in all the pages of the site
